"The product of the modalities of the variables defining the groups is greater than the number of your observations. You need at least one observation per combination of modalities of your variables. Please redefine your analysis"
"Your matrix is unique, which is a concern. We are trying to resolve the issue. If possible, the Mahalanobis distance will then be calculated on the maximum information while avoiding the singularity."
"Please specify the type of variables. Tetra / polychoric correlations will be performed on dichotomous / ordinal variables and Bravais-Pearson on continuous variables"
"try to make a correlation matrix with perfectly correlated variables. This causes concern for the calculation of the Mahalanobis distance. We try to solve the problem"
"You have chosen not to install the missing packages, this may interfere with the execution of some functions. Restart easieR () if you want to install the packages."
"If true, the residuals of the latent variables are fixed at 1, otherwise the parameters of the latent variable are estimated by fixing the first indicator at 1"
"Please specify the type of variables. Tetra / polychoric correlations will be performed on ordinal variables and Bravais-Pearson on continuous variables"
"The probabilities and CIs are estimated on the basis of a bootsrap. The CI is corrected for multiple comparison, unlike the reported probability."
"Please give a name to the independent variable. Giving an explicit name to the independent variable will make reading the results more readable"
"You can decompose the descriptive statistics by subgroup by choosing one or more categorical variables. Do you want to specify the subgroups?"
"Please give a name to the dependent variable. Giving an explicit name to the dependent variable will make reading the results more readable"
"Please specify the modality (s) that will be used for the baseline (e.g. 0). The other modalities will be grouped together in category 1."
"Please choose the type of correlations you want to achieve. For dichotomous variables, the correlations will be tetrachoric correlations"
"Do you want to test a hierarchical structure? The omega is testing a hierarchical structure and a hierarchical AFE will be carried out."
"The dependent variable has less than three different values. Check your data or the analysis you are trying to perform is irrelevant."
"Please specify the criterion on which you want to dichotomize your variable. You can use the median or choose a specific threshold."
"Allowed values for contrasts are + none + for no contrast, + pairwise + for comparisons 2 to 2 or a list of contrast coefficients"
"Robust statistics are alternative analyzes to the main analysis, most often involving bootstraps. These scans are often slower"
"The variables you have chosen to perform your analysis do not allow you to perform any analysis. Please redefine your analysis"
"For easieR to work correctly, Pandoc must be installed, available at the following url: https://github.com/jgm/pandoc/releases"
"Sorry, we cannot calculate the distance to Mahalanobis from your data. The analyzes will be carried out on the complete data"
"We have not succeeded in making the model converge. Please check your correlation matrix and try again with other parameters"
"The parametric test is classical regression and the robust tests are an estimate on an M estimator as well as a bootstrap."
"Les contrates must be matrix of coefficients stored in list for which the name of each levels is the name of one variable."
"Some combinations of modalities have less than 3 observations. You must have at least 3 observations for each combination"
"The number of occurrences for each modality of your independent variable is not the same. Please choose a participant ID"
"If true, we consider the exogenous covaries as fixed, otherwise we consider them as random and their parameters are free"
"You can choose predefined contrasts or specify them manually. In the latter case, please choose to specify the contrasts"
"A categorical variable must have at least 2 different modalities. Please choose a variable with at least two modalities"
"Missing values have been detected. How do you want to treat them? Keeping all the observations can bias the results."
"Do you want the analysis on the complete data or on the data for which the influencing values have been removed?"
"The contracts must be matrices of coefficients placed in a list whose name of each level corresponds to a factor"
"What results do you want? Warning: the default outputs cannot be saved. If you want a rescue, choose the detail"
"Special accents / characters have been intentionally removed to ensure portability of easieR on all computers."
"Please choose the predictors to enter in the interaction model. It is necessary to have at least two variables"
"You can still multiply the total by a specific value. Leave 1 if you no longer want to multiply by a new value"
"Do not forget to close the htmlt window (firexfox, chrome, internet explorer ...) to return to the R session"
"Some variable names contain special characters that can create bugs. Do you want to rename these variables?"
"The removal of influential values leads to too few numbers in certain modalities to carry out the analysis."
"Some participants have missing values on repeated measures factors. They will be removed from the analyzes"
"At least 10 observations plus the number of variables are needed to perform the analysis. Check your data."
"You must use categorical variables. Do you want to transform numeric variables into categorical variables?"
"Some variables have particularly long names that can interfere with reading. Do you want to shorten them?"
"The matrix is singular and the Mardia test cannot be performed. Only univariate analyzes can be performed"
"The cells used for the McNemar calculation are those of the 1st row 2nd column and the 2nd row 1st column"
"There are insufficient observations (<3) for certain combinations of levels of the variables of the model"
"McNemar test: the modalities are not the same for the McNemar test. Is this a factor capable of repeated?"
"the product of the modalities of each of the variables must correspond to the number of selected columns."
"Bayesian factors: calculates the equivalent of the null hypothesis test by adopting a Bayesian approach."
"Do you want to perform the analyzes on the complete data or on the data without the influencing values?"
"please specify the number of bootstrap. A minimum of 500 is ideally required. May take time for N> 1000"
"Please choose the set of columns corresponding to the modalities of the variables in repeated measures"
"Confidence interval of saturations based on bootstrap - may be biased in the presence of Heyhood case"
"Sorry, we were unable to calculate the anova on the medians, possibly due to a large number of ties."
"The KMO on the matrix could not be obtained. We try to perform a smoothing of the correlation matrix"
"Some participants have missing data on repeated measure factors. They are removed from the analyzes."
"Should we standardize (i.e. center reduce) the variables observed beforehand (TRUE) or not (FALSE)?"
"You can specify the truncation and parameters for flattening and skewness by choosing other options"
"Are the names of the variables on the first line of your database? Choose TRUE if this is the case"
"The thickness of the graph gives the density, allowing a better understanding of the distribution."
"Do you want to center the numeric variables? Center is generally advised (e.g., Schielzeth, 2010)."
"This index is suitable in most situations. The modified M-estimator should be preferred for N <20"
"If you enter contrasts manually, all variables in the analysis must have their coefficient matrix"
"You're trying to alpha on something other than a matrix. Do you want to get out of this analysis?"
"influencing values are identified based on the Mahalanobis distance with a chi threshold of 0.001"
"Please choose the variables for which to perform polychoric / tetrachoric / mixed correlations."
"Unauthorized characters were used for the name. These characters have been replaced by periods"
"Please choose the manifest variables you want to analyze. You must choose at least 3 variables"
"The model could not converge. The parameters have been adapted to allow the model to converge"
"Robust statistics could not be obtained. Verify that the WRS packages are correctly installed"
"Which probability correction do you want to apply? To not apply a correction, choose + none +"
"At least one of the denominator values is 0. The return value in this case is infinite - inf"
"In accordance with the recommendations of Schielzeth 2010, the data were previously centered"
"The value must be numeric and between the minimum and the maximum of the dependent variable."
"there is no data in the memory of R, please import the data on which to perform the analysis"
"terms and conditions. It is incompatible with a logistic regression. She must be dichotomous"
"If your data is in large format, the measurements must all be numeric or integers (integer)"
"It is essential to have at least variables with independent groups or in repeated measures"
"Observations marked with an asterisk are considered influential at least on one criterion."
"You can still add a specific value to the total. Leave 0 if you don't want to add anything"
"You have not chosen a variable. Do you want to continue (ok) or abort (cancel) this scan?"
"you multiply the error of the 1st kind. The risk of making a mistake of the first kind is"
"The truncation on the M-estimator adapts according to the characteristics of the sample."
"Preprocessing (sorting, selection, mathematical operations, Treatment of missing values)"
"if (any (grepl ('value.p', names (array))) | any (grepl ('p.value', names (array)))) {"
"if (any (grepl ('value.p', names (array))) | any (grepl ('p.value', names (array)))) {"
"The correction for the calculation of polycoric correlations must be between 0 and 1."
"We were unable to complete the scan correctly. Please try to respecify the parameters"
"Please choose the variables you want to analyze. You must choose at least 3 variables"
"Please choose the variables you want to analyze. You must choose at least 5 variables"
"On which information matrix should the estimation of standard errors be carried out?"
"The number of observations is insufficient to carry out the analyzes for this group"
"For a factor in repeated measures in wide format, at least two columns are required"
"If some data is missing, how is it defined? You can leave NA if the cells are empty"
"You must enter the number allowing you to know which observation should be deleted."
"Each participant must appear once and only once for each combination of modalities"
"There can be only one dependent variable for the student's t's for matched samples"
"The number of factors must be a positive integer less than the number of variables"
"Robust statistics could not be realized. Check the installation of the WRS package"
"The bootstrap-t method is a bootstrap suitable for calculating the truncated mean"
"You must specify the value of the probability. This value must be between 0 and 1"
"col <-which (grepl ('value.p', names (array)) | grepl ('p.value', names (array)))"
"Detailed analysis (Bravais Pearson / Spearman / tau) for one or few correlations"
"The number of factors must be a positive integer less than the number of factors"
"McNemar's test involves a 2x2 array. The dimensions of your table are different."
"The numbers are insufficient for the number of combinations between the variable"
"'), preselect = FALSE, multiple = FALSE, title =' Which sheet? ') $ res-> sheet"
"risk of multicollinearity if the determinant of the matrix is less than 0.00001"
"please choose the variables for which you want to obtain descriptive statistics"
"Please enter the probabilities corresponding to each category of the variable."
"Please select the variables OR the modalities of the variable (s) as repeated."
"You did not specify the number of factors able to repeat, do you want to quit?"
"it is not possible to calculate logarithms for a base is negative. NA is fired"
"Graph testing the linearity between the predictors and the dependent variable"
"Polychoric correlations have failed. The correlations used are Spearman's rho"
"factorial analysis using the function fa of the package psych with the method"
"Verification of the non-constancy of the error variance (Breusch-Pagan test)"
"The selection methods for Bayesian factors do not apply for complex models."
"A problem has been identified in the stages of your hierarchical regression"
"We cannot calculate ORs for arrays larger than 2x3 or arrays containing 0s"
"For what combination of factors do you want to display the adjusted means?"
"If some data contains decimals, what is the symbol indicating the decimal?"
"Significance of residues - probability corrected by applying Holm's method"
"the number of factors to be retained according to the parallel analysis is"
"Please specify the number of bootstrap. To not have a bootstrap, choose 1"
"Please specify the criteria for the observations you wish to keep / keep."
"do you want to convert the dependent variable to a dichotomous variable,?"
"The correlation matrix could not be performed. Do you want to try again?"
"You did not specify the lower limit. Do you want to leave the selection?"
"You did not specify the upper limit. Do you want to leave the selection?"
"The effect size is calculated from the formula proposed by Walker, 2003"
"The contrasts must respect the orthogonality. Do you want to continue ?"
"Test for homogeneity of slopes between groups on the dependent variable"
"'Bilateral' = 'two.sided'; 'Superior' = 'greater'; 'Inferior' = 'less'"
"The nonparametric test corresponds to Spearman's rho and Kendall's tau"
"Hierarchical models - significance of the complete model at each stage"
"Please specify the value on which the observations should be selected."
"the value you entered is not numeric. Do you want to cancel this scan?"
"Understanding positive predictive power and negative predictive power"
"In this case, the non-parametric test is the classic chi-square test."
"The model specified is incorrect. Check your variables and your model"
"Number of missing values per variable. How do you want to treat them?"
"Complementary results (e.g. interaction contrasts and adjusted means)"
"Only values above the diagonals are adjusted for multiple comparisons"
"Please specify the type of probability correction you want to perform"
"the bootstrap percentile method should be preferred for small samples"
"For larger samples, boostrap using the t method should be preferred."
"Not all values entered are numeric. Please enter numeric values only"
"Please choose the type of rotation. Oblimin is adapted in humanities"
"The red dot is the average. The error bar is the standard deviation"
"Please specify the number of factors of the hierarchical structure."
"Summary of the number of observations considered to be influential"
"You must specify the value of F. This value must be greater than 1"
"Missing values have been detected. How do you want to treat them?"
"Are the factors correlated (FALSE) or are they orthogonal (TRUE)?"
"You must use a categorical independent variable with 2 modalities"
"The entered value is not numeric, you must enter a numeric value"
"The KMO could not be calculated. Check your correlation matrix."
"What observation do you want to get from the analyzes? 0 = none"
"Homogeneity of slopes between groups on the dependent variable"
"Interface - objects in memory, clean memory, working directory"
"The non-parametric test is the Wilcoxon (or Mann-Whitney) test"
"Please specify the type of square footage you wish to achieve."
"Do you want null hypothesis testing or / and bayesian factors?"
"Are the frequencies of the different groups a free parameter?"
"value of the chi-square probability of the maximum likelihood"
"Mauchly test testing the sphericity of the covariance matrix"
"Please choose the mathematical operation you want to perform"
"Should we set the intercept of the observed variables to 0?"
"The model appears to be incorrect and could not be created."
"When saving your file, what is the column separation index?"
"Please specify the type of correlation you wish to achieve."
"Please choose the type of correlations you want to achieve"
"Please specify the base of the logarithm, to get e, type e"
"the variable must be numeric and have a non-zero variance."
"Anova with Welch's correction for heterogeneous variances"
"Should the analysis be weighted by an effective variable?"
"Please choose the model you want to analyze with aov.plus"
"Please select the variables to which the exponent applies"
"Multicolinearity is too important. The model is unstable"
"What type of sampling did you perform for your analysis?"
"Please specify the value to perform your math operation."
"standardized saturations based on the correlation matrix"
"Understand prevalence, susceptibility and specificity 2"
"The model cannot be evaluated. It must contain an error"
"To display the results, please use summary (modele.cfa)"
"What method should be applied for the selection method?"
"What are the parameters that you want to keep constant?"
"Type of skew and kurtosis, must be between 1 and 3: NUM"
"Please choose the variable identifying the participants"
"indepMulti - Total fixed headcount for lines - variable"
"influencing values are identified on the basis of 4 / n"
"value of the proability of the empirical square footage"
"The parametric test is the Bravais-Pearson correlation"
"For a detailed description of the results,? Distal.med"
"What modalities do you want to select for the variable"
"Graphical Representation - Mean and Standard Deviation"
"Please choose the second set of categorical factor (s)"
"Please specify the family (i.e. form of distribution)."
"Please specify the type of t test you wish to perform."
"hypergeom - Fixed total headcount for rows and columns"
"Understand prevalence, susceptibility and specificity"
"Should the intercept of latent variables be set to 0?"
"For a detailed description of the results,? Mediation"
"Please choose the variable (s) defining the workforce"
"Please choose the first set of categorical factor (s)"
"Do you want to make groupings between the modalities?"
"you must specify the number of factors able to repeat"
"At least one of your contrast matrix is not correct."
"At least one of your contrast matrices is incorrect."
"Understanding the effects of heterogeneous variances"
"Do you want to save the results in an external file?"
"Bayesian factors for the Bravais-Pearson correlation"
"Confidence interval based on standard error of alpha"
"Tetrachoric / polychoric or mixed correlation matrix"
"Test for the absence of difference between groups on"
"Please select the variables to be the absolute value"
"Please select the variables used for the exponential"
"value of the probability of the empirical chi-square"
"Minimum possible correlation of scores with factors"
"Kolmogorov-Smirnov test comparing two distributions"
"Probability vector. Warning: do not enter fractions"
"Please choose the variables with independent groups"
"Please specify the value for tables larger than 2x2"
"the absolute value has been applied to the variable"
"Anova on the modified Huber localization estimator"
"Bravais Pearson partial / semi-partial correlation"
"Determinant of the correlation matrix: information"
"Is the long format structure of your data correct?"
"The number of bootstrap must be a positive integer"
"What name do you want to give to the new variable?"
"What is the variable identifying the participants?"
"Analysis of variance table for hierarchical models"
"Levene test verifying the homogeneity of variances"
"Student's test - comparison of two matched samples"
"Please choose the selection method you wish to use"
"Please choose the variable (s) defining the groups"
"Please specify the a priori distribution of Cauchy"
"Avoid spaces and punctuation marks, except. and _"
"Sequential Bayesian factors - Robustness analysis"
"The saturation criterion must be between 0 and 1."
"The accepted values for criteria are z and Grubbs"
"What criteria do you want to use for the variable"
"What is the saturation criterion you want to use?"
"What value of the probability do you want to use?"
"References of the packages used for this analysis"
"Descriptive statistics of the interaction between"
"Please specify the spreadsheet you want to import"
"The mathematical operation took place correctly."
"Results of the match of two between the variable"
"Table of contrasts imitating commercial software"
"Please choose the variables to use for each step"
"Please choose the variables you want to analyze."
"Do you want factor scores included in your data?"
"Do you want to save the results of the analysis?"
"the exponential has been applied to the variable"
"Bootstrap using the t method on truncated means"
"Mean and standard deviation for unadjusted data"
"What value do you want for your math operation?"
"Please choose the analysis you want to perform."
"indepMulti - Fixed count for columns - variable"
"Sorry, we couldn't calculate the robust anova."
"Should a hierarchical analysis be carried out?"
"Are positive values a variable (s) or a value?"
"Levene's test testing homogeneity of variances"
"Selection method - Akaike information criteria"
"Estimated value of p by Monte Carlo simulation"
"do you still want to add a value to the total?"
"Matching based on values outside the diagonal"
"Bayesian factors for the Spearman correlation"
"Mean and standard deviation for adjusted data"
"By what value are the missing values defined?"
"What is the name of the independent variable?"
"Please choose the categorical ranking factor."
"Please choose the categorical ranking factor."
"Please specify the number of latent variables"
"Please specify the variables you want to rank"
"Please select the variable in the denominator"
"Please select the variables to be multiplied."
"Please select the variables to be logarithmed"
"You cannot have both within and RML arguments"
"Correction: Greenhouse-Geisser & Hyunh-Feldt"
"Partial Bravais-Pearson correlation by group"
"The KMO on the matrix could not be obtained."
"Do you want to install the missing packages?"
"at least one of the variables is not numeric"
"How should the standard error be estimated?"
"What is the name of the dependent variable?"
"Hierarchical models deviance analysis table"
"Kruskal-Wallis test - Two by two comparison"
"Please select the variable in the numerator"
"author: 'Automatically generated by easieR'"
"the correction applied is the correction of"
"the KMO must absolutely be greater than 0.5"
"you have performed the following operation:"
"% of observations are considered outliers."
"Confidence interval estimated by bootstrap"
"What name do you want to give to the file?"
"What name do you want to give to the file?"
"What name do you want to give to the data?"
"McNemar test without continuity correction"
"Please specify the variable (s) to control"
"Please select the variables to be averaged"
"ht <- as_hux (array, add_colnames = TRUE)"
"Contrasts that mimics commercial software"
"There can only be one dependent variable."
"Is the denominator a variable or a value?"
"The parametric test is the classic t test"
"Bayesian factors could not be calculated."
"What name do you want to give to the file"
"How much of the edges do you want to use?"
"Please choose the second set of variables"
"Please select the terms you want to keep."
"the observations you have selected are in"
"% of observations considered influential"
"Bayesian approach to hierarchical models"
"Bravais Pearson semi-partial correlation"
"The results were correctly imported into"
"Cumulative proportion of the explanation"
"R multiple square of scores with factors"
"Please choose the first set of variables"
"Please specify the value of the standard"
"cumulative explained variance proportion"
"Understanding the central limit theorem"
"Spearman / Kendall correlation by group"
"Inspect the representation of the model"
"Is the numerator a variable or a value?"
"Robust statistics could not be realized"
"McNemar test with continuity correction"
"Please choose the independent variable."
"Please specify the value for 2x2 tables"
"Please specify the model to be produced"
"Do you want to delete this observation?"
". This analysis will not be performed."
"Cronbach's alpha over the entire scale"
"Comparison 2 to 2 for Friedman's ANOVA"
"Contribution of variables to the model"
"In favor of the alternative hypothesis"
"Is the matrix satisfactory for an AFE?"
"Cross validation is not yet available."
"Descriptive statistics of the variable"
"Please choose the variable in abscissa"
"Please choose the variable in ordinate"
"Please select the variable (s) to sort"
"Improved likelihood for each variable"
"BCa type bootstrap on the M-estimator"
"Bravais Pearson correlation bootstrap"
"Columns corresponding to the variable"
"Partial Spearman correlation by group"
"Correlations or partial correlations?"
"Partial and semi-partial correlations"
"Determinant of the correlation matrix"
"Adjusted data (Loftus & Masson, 1994)"
"How many repeated measures variables?"
"The operation was performed correctly"
"The standard must be a numeric value."
"Number of missing values per variable"
"What analysis do you want to perform?"
"What analysis do you want to perform?"
"McNemar test results between variable"
"Durbin-Watson test - autocorrelations"
"Student's test - comparison to a norm"
"Robust testing - involving bootstraps"
"Please choose the dependent variable."
"Please specify the number of factors."
"You must enter the observation number"
"chi-square adjustment on the variable"
"Tucker Lewis Reliability Factor - TLI"
"Bravais-Pearson correlation by group"
"Degrees of freedom of the null model"
"Identification of influential values"
"List of objects still in memory of R"
"Mathematical operations on variables"
"What options do you want to specify?"
"What results do you want to achieve?"
"Kendall's partial / semi-partial tau"
"at least one variable is not numeric"
"beyond (with a lower and upper limit"
"objective function of the null model"
"the data has been imported correctly"
"t of student for independent samples"
"please choose the dependent variable"
"Comparison based on truncated means"
"Understanding a confidence interval"
"Bravais Pearson partial correlation"
"Partial Bravais-Pearson correlation"
"Correlations of scores with factors"
"The analysis could not be completed"
"Selection methods: Bayesian factors"
"Observations considered influential"
"Bootstrap percentile on M-estimator"
"What value of F do you want to use?"
"Spearman Partial / Semi Partial Rho"
"Summary of influential observations"
"Please choose the working directory"
"Please set the truncation threshold"
"Please specify the separation value"
"Please select the variables to add."
"analysis of variance and covariance"
"no observations for the combination"
"please specify the second mediator."
"Backward - step by step descending"
"Kendall coefficient of concordance"
"Understanding a Bayesian inference"
"What format is your file saved in?"
"Suitability and adjustment indices"
"Do nothing - Keep all observations"
"What kind of contrast do you want?"
"What analysis are you looking for?"
"What is the value of the standard?"
"Removing cases with missing values"
"McNemar test with Yates correction"
"Check the installation of packages"
"Please specify the reasonableness."
"reliability analysis and agreement"
"comparison of the two correlations"
"jointMulti - Total fixed workforce"
"the data has been sorted correctly"
"means and adjusted standard errors"
"multiplication of a specific value"
"Anova based on truncated averages"
"Anova on modified Huber estimator"
"How many factors can be repeated?"
"Compile the report of the session"
"The value must be between 0 and 1"
"Non-standard estimated parameters"
"Standardized estimated parameters"
"What coding criteria do you want?"
"What data do you want to analyze?"
"What are the variables to select?"
"Robust statistics - can take time"
"P-value by Monte Carlo simulation"
"P-value by Monte Carlo simulation"
"Variables with independent groups"
"Please choose the defining groups"
"Please enter the different values"
"Please specify ordinal variables?"
"title: 'Results of your analyzes'"
"has been applied to the variable"
"Understanding maximum likelihood"
"Correlation between the variable"
"Forward - step by step ascending"
"Number of observations withdrawn"
"What is the format of your data?"
"What name do you want to give to"
"What data do you want to export?"
"What output results do you want?"
"Significance of the global model"
"Please choose ordinal variables."
"Please specify the reverse items"
"Do you want to save the results?"
"chi-square of maximum likelihood"
"and the number of observations ="
"the entered value is not numeric"
"least diagonally weighted square"
"proportion of variance explained"
"you must specify the lower limit"
"you must specify the upper limit"
"Hierarchical analysis of models"
"How do you want to remove them?"
"Understanding alpha and potency"
"Simple or partial correlations?"
"Data - (Import, export, backup)"
"In favor of the null hypothesis"
"Global Kaiser-Meyer-Olkin Index"
"Matrix of variable coefficients"
"Correlation matrix used for AFE"
"Number of higher level factors?"
"Packages used for this function"
"Which algorithm would you like?"
"What contrasts for the variable"
"References of the packages used"
"Confidence threshold (1- alpha)"
"Please choose the covariate (s)"
"comparison of correlations XY ="
"degrees of freedom of the model"
"objective function of the model"
"descriptive statistics by group"
"do you want to save the results"
"Comparison of two correlations"
"Data without influencing value"
"Estimation of the global model"
"Bayesian factors is choosen in"
"Which test do you want to use?"
"What distribution do you want?"
"What analysis (s) do you want?"
"Adjusted standardized residues"
"Please choose the second judge"
"has been added to the variable"
"standard error [se = standard]"
"please choose the variable (s)"
"Understanding the correlation"
"Understanding a correlation 2"
"Ancova application conditions"
"Ceres graph testing linearity"
"Bootstrap Confidence Interval"
"Name of the variable measured"
"What effect size do you want?"
"Values considered influential"
"Please choose the first judge"
"Please specify the contrasts."
"factor and component analyzes"
"the selected variables are in"
"fish - Total number not fixed"
"specify the working directory"
"array <-as.data.frame (array)"
", dial = T, info = T, save ="
"Principal component analysis"
"Confirmatory factor analysis"
"Hierarchical factor analysis"
"No saved scan could be found"
"Unweighted kappa coefficient"
"Columns in repeated measures"
"Imputation of missing values"
"The working directory is now"
"N of the correlation XY: NUM"
"N of the correlation XZ: NUM"
"Number of variables measured"
"Number of measured variables"
"What do you want to display?"
"What do you want to achieve?"
"Which operation do you want?"
"Which variable at this stage"
"Deleting an object in memory"
"Treatment of missing values?"
"Are there any reverse items?"
"a multiplies the -variable-s"
"addition of a specific value"
"chi square of the null model"
"correlations between factors"
"reliability per item removed"
